README.md, before:

# VideoJoker

## Overview
VideoJoker is a Discord bot, inspired by and stylized after the Video Joker character from the Wakaliwood film *"Who Killed Captain Alex?"*. 
This is for my own personal use, but feel free to fork and modify it for your own needs.

---

**What is a Video Joker?**

A Video Joker (VJ) is essentially a commentator who narrates and dubs over movies — originally foreign ones — in Uganda. 
This tradition began in the 1980s and 1990s when access to foreign films was mostly through bootleg VHS tapes. 
Most of these films were in English, Hindi, or Chinese, languages not understood by the majority of Ugandans. 
So the Video Joker would:

- Translate dialogue (not always literally, often adding their own flair).

- Offer context, jokes, and reactions to on-screen events.

- Often inject themselves as part of the film experience with catchphrases and recurring gags.

Even to this day, Video Jokers remain popular in Uganda, especially for action and martial arts films. 
We also see similar practices in other countries. I've always found this to be one of my favorite parts of films that have them.

**So then, what is this?**

Mostly a fun side project to learn more about Discord bots and to pay homage to the VJ tradition. 
Maybe one day this will be available to the public rather than just open source, but for now it's just for me to mess around with.
I don't even know why I spent so long on this README lol

----

## Features

### Main Bot Commands
- **/listcommands** (*Lists all available commands in the bot along with their descriptions.*)
- **/ping** (*Checks the bot's latency and responsiveness.*)
- **/sync** (*Syncs the bot's slash commands with Discord.*)

### Utility Cog Commands
- **/userinfo [user]** (*Displays information about a user, including their nickname, ID, and the date they joined Discord.*)
- **/serverinfo** (*Displays information about the server, including its name, ID, member count, and creation date.*)

### Fun Cog Commands
- **/say [message]** (*The bot repeats the given message.*)
- **/roast [user]** (*Roasts a user with a random humorous insult.*)

### Games Cog Commands
- **/coinflip** (*Flips a virtual coin, returning either "Heads" or "Tails."*)
- **/roll [sides]** (*Rolls a virtual die with the specified number of sides (default is 6).*)
- **/8ball [question]** (*Answers a yes/no question with a random response, mimicking a Magic 8-Ball.*)
- **/rockpaperscissors [choice]** (*Plays a game of Rock-Paper-Scissors against the bot.*)

Commit message:

Add DESIGNDOCUMENT.md and update README
Replaces the old 'design document.txt' with a new, more detailed 'DESIGNDOCUMENT.md' outlining bot features, resources, and ideas. Updates the README to reference the new design document for future features.

README.md, after:

# VideoJoker

## Overview
VideoJoker is a Discord bot, inspired by and stylized after the Video Joker character from the Wakaliwood film *"Who Killed Captain Alex?"*. 
This is for my own personal use, but feel free to fork and modify it for your own needs.

---

**What is a Video Joker?**

A Video Joker (VJ) is essentially a commentator who narrates and dubs over movies — originally foreign ones — in Uganda. 
This tradition began in the 1980s and 1990s when access to foreign films was mostly through bootleg VHS tapes. 
Most of these films were in English, Hindi, or Chinese, languages not understood by the majority of Ugandans. 
So the Video Joker would:

- Translate dialogue (not always literally, often adding their own flair).

- Offer context, jokes, and reactions to on-screen events.

- Often inject themselves as part of the film experience with catchphrases and recurring gags.

Even to this day, Video Jokers remain popular in Uganda, especially for action and martial arts films. 
We also see similar practices in other countries. I've always found this to be one of my favorite parts of films that have them.

**So then, what is this?**

Mostly a fun side project to learn more about Discord bots and to pay homage to the VJ tradition. 
Maybe one day this will be available to the public rather than just open source, but for now it's just for me to mess around with.
I don't even know why I spent so long on this README lol

----

## Implemented Features
_See `DESIGNDOCUMENT.md` for information on what might come in the future_

### Main Bot Commands
- **/listcommands** (*Lists all available commands in the bot along with their descriptions.*)
- **/ping** (*Checks the bot's latency and responsiveness.*)
- **/sync** (*Syncs the bot's slash commands with Discord.*)

### Utility Cog Commands
- **/userinfo [user]** (*Displays information about a user, including their nickname, ID, and the date they joined Discord.*)
- **/serverinfo** (*Displays information about the server, including its name, ID, member count, and creation date.*)

### Fun Cog Commands
- **/say [message]** (*The bot repeats the given message.*)
- **/roast [user]** (*Roasts a user with a random humorous insult.*)

### Games Cog Commands
- **/coinflip** (*Flips a virtual coin, returning either "Heads" or "Tails."*)
- **/roll [sides]** (*Rolls a virtual die with the specified number of sides (default is 6).*)
- **/8ball [question]** (*Answers a yes/no question with a random response, mimicking a Magic 8-Ball.*)
- **/rockpaperscissors [choice]** (*Plays a game of Rock-Paper-Scissors against the bot.*)
